We understand that you want to get out of the crowd.
But this is public service, please
They say that everything is a beauty.
Yes it is true.
Not really ... now.
All I wanted to please.
But you should now also complain
Yes I thought I was pretty and pretty cool.
SVT has given me the chance
To attract younger fans
I'm Danny, I'm not Kristian Luuk.
Did I hear my name?
What a lovely thing to be back again!
But..
You just want to be cool, after all
It's time to grow up now
Being well dressed actually happens to be
You try to be a ghetto, but they are just the prettiest
Then pull yourself up, and become a man for your suit!
Yes, I must try
If they quality increases ..
But you, are they sure they are a good idea?
Stylish costume is the medicine, first class, not the dressin!
Now release EMD, this is SVT!
Top Kristian, this looks great!
How do they feel Dannyboy?
Yes, it was a little crowded in the neck.
I was out of breath during the dance
And the risk is that I become anonymous
With jacket tight as a bra, I'm not Lena PH!
Am I ready to be a man for my suit?
Step aside dear guys
Mom knows what the people like
I'm Lena and I can't be silent!
Sweden's sexiest woman, helps you find the ladder!
Of my good taste and style, you should be kissed
What can you recommend?
For Danny to show off
He is not comfortable at all in his suit
Lena PH has the recipe, because I can do this concept
A little glitter, a little naked and a little plume
Lena PH has the recipe, yes I can do this concept!
A little glitter, a little naked and a little plume!
Hello, Danny it's the CEO
Sitting at home in front of the TV
Maybe it has been a bit scared tonight
Your own path you must walk
Pick some of the others
Throw plume and gray suit
And be yourself
Now I have understood the point
Time to think about the chorus
I can relax and aim at the sky
With your new self-esteem
Can you shine, you can shine!
It is style and class here on the menu!
It's time for me to shine
So I can match Gina!
I'm ready to be king for my suit!
He is ready to become king, to become king of his suit!
He's ready
To become king for
To become king!
For their costume!